1. I spent about 10 hours on the coding assignment. Given more time I would have loved to spend more time styling the project, as I'm not very happy with how it looks. I would also have wanted to include tests. I am not familiar with writing my own tests and didn't have time to learn it for this assignment. It is something I very much want to learn in the future. As far as different features for the application, I was hoping to add a different view, where a user can click on a book and see a page with more information.

2. For me, one of the most useful things added to JavaScript recently is the spread '...' operator. I used it in my technical assessment in the sortBooks function in Sort.js. In this case I used it to duplicate the array I had in state to avoid mutating the original state with my sort method. I have also used destructuring all over the place as is very common in React.

3. I would try to indentify where I would expect the problem to stem from and start there. I would inspect, console.log everything and start moving out slowly from that place in the code. I often find the seeing what exactly is happening at every given point in the code can reveal a problem where you don't expect it. If that didn't reveal a problem I would think about what my issue is, and go to google and documentation to see if there is something I don't understand about the code technologies I am using. I have had to do all of this a lot in my own projects.

4. The biggest thing I would want to do is ensure that the data is structured the same for all entries in the database. There is so much variability in what information is present for each book that I had to do a fair bit of error handling just to get results on the page. Even then, the results were less than satisfactory. Dates were in different formats, so I wrote a function to normalize them. The biggest issue was with cover art. I wasn't able to figure out a method that would work the same for all books. ISBN numbers and OLIDs did not exist for all entries, or some did not return cover art using the specified url. Adding a cover artURL property to the original objects would make this much easier.

5. I'm not quite sure what you are specifically asking here, but I can talk about using json. One instance of this is getting results back from an API and using the .json() method to get your data in the form of json. I work with json constantly while interfacing with APIs. As far as writing my own json, I haven't done quite as much of that, but I have used it a bit in some of my node.js work. Providing json responses to certain api endpoints is something I have done a bit of, as well as working with a package.json file to add project information and manage dependencies.